Section abou the RoBERTa Base OpenAI detector (#10)
Ctrl-Alt-Defeat-Foundation-Models/informatiCup2024Paper: paper.tex

\subsubsection{Text detector models}

> The \textbf{RoBERTa Base OpenAI Detector} is the output detector model of GPT-2. It was obtained by fine-tune a RoBERTa base model with the ouputs of the GPT-2 model containing 1,5 Billion parameters. RoBERTa Base OpenAI Detector can be used to classify text, on whether it is likely to be created by the GPT-2 model. It was published by OpenAI, when the weights of the GPT-2 model 1,5 Billion parameter version was released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The \textbf{RoBERTa Base OpenAI Detector} is the output detector model of GPT-2. It was obtained by fine-tuning a RoBERTa base model with the ouputs of the GPT-2 model containing 1,5 Billion parameters. A RoBERTa Base OpenAI Detector can be used to classify texts, on whether or not it is likely to be created by the GPT-2 model. It was published by OpenAI, when the weights of the GPT-2 model 1,5 Billion parameter version was released.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The \textbf{RoBERTa Base OpenAI Detector} is the output detector model of GPT-2. It was obtained by fine-tuning a RoBERTa base model with the outputs of the GPT-2 model containing 1,5 Billion parameters. The RoBERTa Base OpenAI Detector can be used to classify texts, on whether they are likely to be created by the GPT-2 model. It was published by OpenAI, when the weights of the GPT-2 model 1,5 Billion parameter version was released.
```
